chore(preview-middleware):adjust readme (#3134)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/preview-middleware/README.md

```

## [Configuration Options](#configuration-options)
| Option                  | Value Type | Requirement Type                               | Default Value    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `flp`                   | ---        | optional                                       | ---              | Configuration object for the local Fiori launchpad                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Author: adjusted

| `flp.path`              | `string`   | optional                                       | `/test/flp.html` | The mount point of the local Fiori launchpad.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `flp.init`              | `string`   | optional                                       | `undefined`      | UI5 module/script to be executed after the standard initialization                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.init`              | `string`   | optional                                       | `undefined`      | SAPUI5 module/script to be executed after the standard initialization                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

Author: As this relates to `OpenUI5` as well as `SAPUI5` I prefer to keep UI5 (see [here](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/5982a9734748474aa8d4af9c3d8f31c0.html))

| `flp.intent`            | ---        | optional                                       | ---              | Intent object to be used for the application                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `flp.intent.object`     | `string`   | optional                                       | `app`            | Name of the semantic object                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `flp.intent.action`     | `string`   | optional                                       | `preview`        | Name of the action                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `flp.apps`              | `array`    | optional                                       | `undefined`      | Additional local apps that are available in local Fiori launchpad                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.apps`              | `array`    | optional                                       | `undefined`      | Additional local apps that are available in local SAP Fiori launchpad                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

Author: adjusted

Reviewer: @heimwege, I don't see this change reflected.

> | `flp.libs`              | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag to add a generic script fetching the paths of used libraries not available in UI5. To disable set it to `false`. If not set, then the project is checked for a `load-reuse-libs` script and if available the libraries are fetched as well |

Author: As this relates to `OpenUI5` as well as `SAPUI5` I prefer to keep UI5 (see [here](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/5982a9734748474aa8d4af9c3d8f31c0.html))

> | `flp.libs`              | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag to add a generic script fetching the paths of used libraries not available in UI5. To disable set it to `false`. If not set, then the project is checked for a `load-reuse-libs` script and if available the libraries are fetched as well. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.libs`              | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag to add a generic script fetching the paths of used libraries not available in UI5. To disable it, set it to `false`. If not set, then the project is checked for a `load-reuse-libs` script and, if available, the libraries are fetched as well |
```

> | `flp.theme`             | `string`   | optional                                       | `(calculated)`   | Name of the UI5 Theme to be used (default is `sap_horizon` or the first entry in the sap.ui.supportedThemes list provided in the manifest.json in case sap_horizon is not contained in the list)                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.theme`             | `string`   | optional                                       | `(calculated)`   | Name of the SAPUI5 theme to be used (default is `sap_horizon` or the first entry in the sap.ui.supportedThemes list provided in the manifest.json file if `sap_horizon` is not contained in the list)                                               |
```

> | `flp.theme`             | `string`   | optional                                       | `(calculated)`   | Name of the UI5 Theme to be used (default is `sap_horizon` or the first entry in the sap.ui.supportedThemes list provided in the manifest.json if `sap_horizon` is not contained in the list)                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.theme`             | `string`   | optional                                       | `(calculated)`   | Name of the UI5 theme to be used (default is `sap_horizon` or the first entry in the `sap.ui.supportedThemes` list provided in the manifest.json file if `sap_horizon` is not contained in the list)                                                    |
```

> | `flp.enhancedHomePage`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag for enabling enhanced FLP Homepage, available only from UI5 1.123.0 onwards.                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Created a new suggestion without the SAPUI5 change. I'm a bit confused, @heimwege, this item does have a period at the end but the others do not. Is that a specific convention we should align with?

> | `flp.enhancedHomePage`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag for enabling enhanced FLP Homepage, available only from UI5 1.123.0 onwards.                                                                                                                                                                |

Author: done in https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/pull/3134/commits/e5a1bc09414c79d183d24484922fe0c78301d975

> | `flp.enhancedHomePage`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag for enabling enhanced FLP Homepage, available only from UI5 1.123.0 onwards.                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flp.enhancedHomePage`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag for enabling enhanced FLP homepage, available only from UI5 version 1.123.0 onwards.                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `adp.target`            | ---        | mandatory for adaptation projects              | ---              | Configuration object defining the connected backend                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Author: Is it `backend`, `back-end` or `back end`?

> | `adp.target`            | ---        | mandatory for adaptation projects              | ---              | Configuration object defining the connected backend                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: It can either be back end or back-end depending on the context. Backend is always incorrect and should not be used.

When used as a noun, it's two words but if it's an adjective, you hyphenate it. For example, back end and back-end system are both correct. For more information, see [Microsoft Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/b/back-end)

> | `adp.ignoreCertErrors`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag to ignore certification validation errors when working with e.g. development systems with self signed certificates                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `adp.ignoreCertErrors`  | `boolean`  | optional                                       | `false`          | Flag to ignore certification validation errors when working with development systems with self-signed certificates, for example                                                                                                                       |
```

### [`flp.apps`](#configuration-option-flpapps)
Array of additional application configurations:

| Option                   | Value Type | Requirement Type | Default Value  | Description                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------ |------------|------------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `target`                 | `string`   | mandatory        | `undefined`    | Target path of the additional application                                                                   |
| `local` or `componentId` | `string`   | mandatory        | `undefined`    | Either a local path to a folder containing the application or the `componentId` of a remote app is required |
| `intent`                 | ---        | optional         | ---            | Intent object to be used for the application                                                                |

> | `intent.object`          | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | Name of the semantic object. If not provided, then it will be calculated based on the application id   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `intent.object`          | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | Name of the semantic object. If not provided, then it will be calculated based on the application ID   |
```

Author: adjusted

| `intent.action`          | `string`   | optional         | `preview`      | Name of the action                                                                                          |

### [`adp.target`](#configuration-option-adptarget)
| Option        | Value Type | Requirement Type      | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------- |------------|-----------------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `url`         | `string`   | mandatory (local)     | `undefined`   | Mandatory URL pointing to the backend system. *Not required if destination is provided and the proxy is running SAP Business Application Studio |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `url`         | `string`   | mandatory (local)     | `undefined`   | Mandatory URL pointing to the back-end system. *Not required if destination is provided and the proxy is running SAP Business Application Studio |
```

Author: Is it `backend`, `back-end` or `back end`?

Author: done in https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/pull/3134/commits/e5a1bc09414c79d183d24484922fe0c78301d975

> | `destination` | `string`   | mandatory (if no url) | `undefined`   | Required if the backend system is available as destination in SAP Business Application Studio. |

Author: Is it `backend`, `back-end` or `back end`?

| `rta.endpoints.path`          | `string`   | mandatory        | `undefined`   | The mount point to be used for the editor.                                                    |
| `rta.endpoints.developerMode` | `boolean`  | optional         | `false`       | Flag to enable the runtime adaptation developer mode (only supported for adaptation projects) |

### [`test`](#configuration-option-test)
| Option          | Value Type | Requirement Type | Default Value  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| --------------- |------------|------------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `framework`     | `string`   | mandatory        | `undefined`    | Currently `OPA5`, `QUnit` (only QUnit 2.3.2 provided as third-party module via [OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5/blob/master/THIRDPARTY.txt)/SAPUI5) and `Testsuite` are supported. `Testsuite` will generate a testsuite for all configured frameworks that can be be used with a test runner (like e.g. karma) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `framework`     | `string`   | mandatory        | `undefined`    | Currently `OPA5`, `QUnit` (only QUnit 2.3.2 provided as third-party module using [OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5/blob/master/THIRDPARTY.txt)/SAPUI5) and `Testsuite` are supported. `Testsuite` will generate a testsuite for all configured frameworks that can be be used with a test runner (such as karma) |
```

Author: done in https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/pull/3134/commits/e5a1bc09414c79d183d24484922fe0c78301d975

> | `path`          | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | The mount point to be used for test suite. By default `/test/opaTests.qunit.html` is used for `OPA5`, `/test/unitTests.qunit.html` is used for `QUnit` and `/test/testsuite.qunit.html` is used for `Testsuite` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `path`          | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | The mount point to be used for test suite. By default `/test/opaTests.qunit.html` is used for `OPA5`, `/test/unitTests.qunit.html` is used for `QUnit`, and `/test/testsuite.qunit.html` is used for `Testsuite` |
```

Author: adjusted

| `init`          | `string`   | optional         | `undefined`    | The mount point to be used for custom test runner script                                                                                                       |

> | `pattern`       | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | Optional glob pattern to find the tests. By default `/test/**/*Journey.*` is used for `OPA5` and `/test/**/*Test.*` is used for `QUnit` (n.a. for `Testsuite`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pattern`       | `string`   | optional         | `(calculated)` | Optional glob pattern to find the tests. By default, `/test/**/*Journey.*` is used for `OPA5` and `/test/**/*Test.*` is used for `QUnit` (not applicable for `Testsuite`) |
```

Author: Is it `backend`, `back-end` or `back end`?
